capital = 1297
### TRANSITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ###

## VLADIVOSTOK

# NOVOSIBIRSK

## POST 2WRW TRANSITIONAL GOVTS.

# NOVOSIBIRSK

recruit_character = KOL_Ivan_Tasarov
recruit_character = RDC_Alexander_Novikov
recruit_character = CAU_Mikhail_Baganov
recruit_character = UKR_Dmitry_Glinka
recruit_character = CRI_Matvei_Batrakov
recruit_character = OST_Nikolay_Skomorokhov
recruit_character = BLR_Boris_Fulik
recruit_character = PAU_Nestor_Kozin
recruit_character = OKB_Mikhail_Evseev

recruit_character = NOV_Yuri_Zubakov
recruit_character = NOV_Yevgeny_Primakov
recruit_character = NOV_Leonid_Kantorovich
recruit_character = NOV_Anatoly_Koryagin
recruit_character = NOV_Vladimir_Osipov
recruit_character = NOV_Yegor_Ligachyov
recruit_character = NOV_Yuri_Galanskov

## POST 2WRW INDEPENDENT LEADERS

# DEMOCRATIC RUSSIA

recruit_character = CAU_Caucasian_Council
recruit_character = EST_Vajno_Valjas
recruit_character = LAT_Valdis_Birkavs
recruit_character = LAT_Baltic_Council
recruit_character = BLR_Pyotr_Masherov
recruit_character = UKR_Leonid_Kravchuk
recruit_character = AZR_heydar_aliyev
recruit_character = GEO_Zviad_Gamsakhurdia
recruit_character = LIT_Vytautas_Landsbergis

### END OF TRANSITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ###

### PROXY WAR GOVERNMENTS ###

recruit_character = ARM_Gurgen_Zanikjan
recruit_character = ARM_Gurgen_Arutjunovic_Dalibaltajan

### KAZAKHSTAN###

recruit_character = PAV_Sultanakhmet_Kozhikov

### POLAND ###

recruit_character = POL_Karol_Wojtyla
recruit_character = POL_Alfred_Urbanski
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Gierek
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Raczynski
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Sabbat
recruit_character = POL_Swiatlo_Jozef

### ROMANIA ###

recruit_character = ROM_Ion_Iliescu

### GERMANY ###

recruit_character = Deutsch_Willy_Brandt
recruit_character = GER_kurt_waldheim

### WEST CHINA ###

recruit_character = QIN_Sun_Tse_Ping
recruit_character = QIN_Li_Xiannian

### CENTRAL ASIA ###

recruit_character = TRK_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = TRK_RUS_Imperial_Government
recruit_character = TRK_SOV_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = KRK_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = UZB_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = TAJ_RUS_Provisional_Government
recruit_character = KYR_RUS_Provisional_Government

### WRF - TUKHACHEVSKY ###



### USA ###
recruit_character = USA_John_B_Anderson
recruit_character = USA_Jimmy_Carter
recruit_character = USA_Herman_Talmadge
recruit_character = USA_Ella_Baker
recruit_character = USA_Bill_Ayers
recruit_character = USA_William_Pierce


### JAPAN ###
recruit_character = KOR_Niimi_Masaichi
recruit_character = HUU_Kaya_Okinori

recruit_character = JAP_Watanabe_Takeshi
recruit_character = JAP_Ozaki_Hotsumi
recruit_character = JAP_Ishii_Mitsujiro
recruit_character = JAP_Hanano_Kichihei

recruit_character = NCC_Zhu_Dian
recruit_character = NCC_Miao_Bin
recruit_character = NCC_Wang_Hongwen
recruit_character = NCC_Peng_Shihong
recruit_character = NCC_Liang_Huazhi

recruit_character = BNW_CHI_Chen_Gongbo
recruit_character = CHI_Gan_Naiguang
recruit_character = CHI_Shi_Cuntong
recruit_character = BNW_CHI_Mei_Siping
recruit_character = CHI_Ding_Mocun

recruit_character = JAP_Tokugawa_Gishin
recruit_character = JAP_Furumi_Tadayuki
recruit_character = JAP_Amogus
recruit_character = BNW_JAP_Shiina_Etsusaburo
recruit_character = JAP_Kawakami_Jotaro

recruit_character = JAP_Okuno_Seisuke
recruit_character = JAP_Ikeda_Sumihisa
recruit_character = JAP_Sanji_Shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_Onodera_Makoto

recruit_character = SHX_Rong_Ziheng
### EFFECTS ###
SIC = { 
	BNWJapanSetup = yes 
	BNW_China = yes
}
